(Olivia Hye's photo shooting is continuing!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/Yves&Chuu - Girl's Talk"
Olivia Hye: Managers took photos of me on the roof like a thief
Olivia Hye: When I was doing a photo shooting a ittle while ago!
Olivia Hye: Passion!
Olivia Hye: And Chuu shouted a lot from downstairs.
OIivia Hye: She said 'cheer up!'
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/Chuu - Heart Attack"
Chuu: Cheer up, guys!
Chuu: I'm here~
(She showing her existence again!)
Chuu: Hey~ you look beautiful!
Chuu: Let me show you something!
Olivia Hye: Rwa?
Chuu: You don't know that?
Olivia Hye: No, I already know that but...
Olivia Hye: I just can't do it...
Chuu: No~ I'm sure you don't know it.
Chuu: So, try again!
Chuu: 1, 2, 3!
Chuu: ONE, TWO, THREE!
(It's not easy to do 'Rwa'
Chuu: R, R, R!
(Olivia Hye trying to do 'R')
Chuu: That's not it~
Chuu: Goodbye~
Chuu: You should have done like this!
(Whose fingers are these?)
Chuu: R!